feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086d.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086d
title: Step 14
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> Check that the toggle works. Log the `onDisplay` value of the artifact with an `id` of `102`, then call `toggleDisplayStatus` on it, then log its `onDisplay` value again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your toggle works. First, log the `onDisplay` value of the artifact with the `id` `102`. Next, call `toggleDisplayStatus` on it, and finally, log its `onDisplay` value one more time.
```
